Add new clients (#2639)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/cases/hyland.md

---
layout: case-study
company: Hyland
tags: Team reinforcement

> description: <p>Hyland provides enterprise content management solutions. They reached out to Mainmatter to improve performance, maintainability, and flexibility of their internal Svelte-based component library.</p><p>We assessed the team's code, infrastructure, and processes in a first step. We then built a roadmap for modernization and guided Hyland's team through executing that.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: <p>Hyland provides enterprise content management solutions. They reached out to Mainmatter to improve performance, maintainability, and flexibility of their internal Svelte-based component library.</p><p>We assessed the team's code, infrastructure, and processes in a first step. We then built a roadmap for modernization and guided Hyland's team through its execution.</p>
```
